From dlely at juno.com  Sun Nov  2 01:46:36 2014
From: dlely at juno.com (dlely at juno.com)
Date: Sat, 1 Nov 2014 23:46:36 -0700
Subject: FL: Fursuiting Event: Pasadena (CA) Doo Dah Parade
Message-ID: <AABLFMXB4ATMBXBS@smtpout03.vgs.untd.com>

To One and All - Fursuiters and Furiends:

In exactly two weeks it'll be time for the "37th Occasional Pasadena Doo
Dah Parade" in Southern California!  Yes, you read that right - it has
returned to the fall where it once reined supreme for many a year.  This
year it will take place on Saturday the 15th of November and you're all
invited to watch, help, or if you have a fursuit, participate with the
rest of us crazies in East Pasadena!  So, here's yer chance for some
local fursuiting fun that began with Thaddeus Fox and Rapid T. Rabbit way
back in 1990 . . . 24 years ago!

Here's how to join in on the fun:
1) Simply e-mail me (NOT this list please) at dlely at juno.com telling me
you'll be there.  I will reply with a confirmation giving you more
details.
2) Check out the Parade's official web site at
http://www.pasadenadoodahparade.info/ for further information, maps,
news, history, highlights, and pictures from previous year's parades.
3) Then on Saturday the 15th of November: meet all of us furry
participants no later than 10:00 AM on shady Nina Street between North
Altadena Drive and North Vinedo Avenue (which is just north of East
Colorado Boulevard) in beautiful Pasadena California.
4) Pay your $10.00 per person entry fee to me who will then turn over the
total loot to the parade organizers (The Light Bringer Project - a
nonprofit arts organization - http://www.lightbringerproject.com).
5) Wait around a little, jump into suit, then join the parade around
11:00 AM and have tons of fun being crazy, out of control, silly, wacky,
and zany to thousands of crazy, out of control, silly, wacky and zany
spectators lining both sides of East Colorado Boulevard (in the 2500-2600
blocks for you map searchers)!

But wait there's more!  After the parade everyfur usually regroups for a
chow-down at a popular Pasadena hunting/grazing/watering hole!

If you have any questions, feel free to e-mail me.  Hope to see you all
there!

** As a public service and warning to all who wish to participate: in the
past years spectators have been armed with tortillas, marshmallows, and
silly string.  Due to a growing problem with the resulting mess the
parade organizers are calling for a prohibition on marshmallows.  We'll
see if this works or if they will enforce this prohibition.  Regardless,
I wanted to warn all who might suit up that the parade (and our paws) can
get a bit messy and some spectators (mainly the kids) can get a bit
ornery with the throwing of what should be eaten. **

PS: Please feel free to copy and post this message to other social media
out there in Internetland.  Thanks!

David L. Ely - AKA: Scruff E. Coyote - dlely at juno.com
"Why fit in when you were born to stand out?" - Dr. Seuss


